add scripts for running and managing gtfsrdb via bash (#10)
public-transport/gtfsrdb: README.md

### Demo Project

See the [gtfsrdb-delay-demo](https://github.com/CUTR-at-USF/gtfsrdb-delay-demo) project for a sample web application that visualizes these delays.

### Scripts

The scripts/ directory is provided as a "quick start" method for using GTFSrDB. A database server is still a prerequisite, and the scripts assume you're using PostgreSQL.

To get started with the scripts, first make sure you have a good working Python environment. This involves setting up a virtual environment, then installing the required libraries. A quick way to do this is as follows:
1. Ensure you are in the root directory of gtfsrdb on your PC.
2. Create a Python virtual environment: `python3 -m venv venv`

> 3. Install the required libraries: `pip3 install -r requirements.txt`

Reviewer: There is no requirements.txt anymore. I defined the dependencies in the pyproject.toml which makes the requirements.txt obsolete. Are you fine with switching to it?
```suggestion
3. Install the package and the required libraries: `pip install -e .`
```

> Once your environment is configured, edit `env.sh` to ensure the `DB_HOST`, `DB_USER`, and `DB_PASS` are correct for your application. Also note that the `run.sh` script will create a database with the name specified by `DB`, so you may also alter this if you wish.

Reviewer: Instead of a script I would suggest to use .env files. Are you aware of them? https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/how-to-create-and-use-env-files-in-python/ These would not need to be checked in and therefore there is less of a chance to commit some personal credentials

Once your `env.sh` is configured, you can use `run.sh`. There are two ways to use this script:

> 1. Specify all of your options on the command line. For example, if you were using the Tampa GTFS-RT feed, you would use something like the following:

Reviewer: What is the advantage of using another script to run the python script itself instead of just running it directly? Maybe let's add the features you try to achieve with this script directly to the tool itself.

`./run.sh tampa -t http://api.tampa.onebusaway.org:8088/trip-updates`. This will create a PostgreSQL database using the `DB` from `env.sh`, create a table in that database called `tampa`, and populate the database's `trip_updates` table with the data received from the GTFS-RT feed. You can also subscribe to other feeds (alerts or position updates) or apply other gtfsrdb options just as you would if you ran `gtfsrdb.py` from the command line directly.
2. Create a text file with the feeds you want to subscribe to and use the `-I` option in the `run.sh` script. For example, you could create a file for the StanRTA GTFS-RT fields called `stanrta.txt` and populate it like so:
```
-p https://max.availtec.com/InfoPoint/GTFS-Realtime.ashx?Type=VehiclePosition
-t https://stanrta.rideralerts.com/InfoPoint/GTFS-Realtime.ashx?Type=TripUpdate
-a https://stanrta.rideralerts.com/InfoPoint/GTFS-Realtime.ashx?Type=Alert
```
Then use the following to invoke the `run.sh` script:
`./run.sh stanrta -I stanrta.txt`. Once again, you can add other `gtfsrdb.py` options, so if you wanted to use verbose mode, for example, you would run: `./run.sh stanrta -I stanrta.txt -v`.

> The `rmdb.sh` script is a quick way to clean up your PostgreSQL server if you need to remove databases that you no longer need. For example, if you needed to get rid of the `stanrta` database, you could run `./rmdb.py stanrta`.

Reviewer: Same here: We could add a flag to drop the database before storing something which comes in handy during development
